doc: fix ~75 typos and grammar issues across documentation (#14179)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13963.bugfix.rst

> Fixed subtests running with `pytest-xdist <https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-xdist>`__ when their contexts contain objects that are not JSON-serializable.

Reviewer: Or we could just link the PyPI project page:
```suggestion
Fixed subtests running with :pypi:`pytest-xdist` when their contexts contain objects that are not JSON-serializable.
```
